You showed ten eyes
I see how you die
It's all your fault that you don't have the ability to come and die
Don't worry, I won't die.
Still bragging
Dad, I shouldn't have asked you to come and save him
It hurt you now, you finally understand
I don't know what's going on in your head
You have to stand up for this waiter
Okay, we don't care about this. Go, go, take a taxi
Zhao Tianluo, what are you doing?
Do you think we dominate the world group
Come when you want
Is it a place to go if you want?
I don't care what else you want
You're out of the way by coming here.
If you want to leave, kneel down and kowtow twice
Two more slaps
Say you are weaker than a dog before leaving
Starry Sky
Don't go too far, hahahaha, go too far.
Excessive words
Give up your shares in Kincaid Group
You don't think about it
You decided to fight me
You know the career is coming soon
You know the consequences when he comes
Don't let your people and wealth be empty
It's all your fault
There is only one way to save our Lin family now
You hurry up and marry the Sun family and let the Sun family out